# Deep-Learning-to-Super-Resolution-Segmentation-and-Classification-using-CNNs

Digital mammography imaging is one of the most commonly used diagnostic tools for detection and classification of breast lesions at an early stage. However, it includes many sources of noise and artifacts causing a low-resolution image. Consequently, single image super resolution (SISR) algorithms have been proposed to enchancement its datasets resolution, boosting the accuracy in segmentation and classification, which are a decisive step for cancer diagnosis. Nevertheless, accurate tumor segmentation is still a challenge as a result of DM artifacts. Thus, in our work the main goal is to improve the breast image quality resolution for increasing the segmentation and classification accuracity based on convolutional neural networks. In this methodology we used three CBIS-DDSM, Mini-MIAS and Inbreast mammography databases for: 1) Manual extraction of regions of interest (RoIs). 2) RoIs data augmentation. 3) RoIs super resolution using two EDSR and SR-RDN deep algortihms. 4) RoIs segmentation with UNet and SegNet encoder-decoder algorithms, and 5) RoIs classification with ResNet-50. Finally, statistical metrics were used to evaluate the super resolution quality (PSNR and SSIM), segmentation and classification algortithms performance (IoU, Dice, accuracity, specificity, sensivity).
Two Super Resolution architectures EDSR and RDN based on deep convolutional algortihms were implement to Image super resolution, evaluated by PSNR and SSIM metrics.
 Two Segmentation architectures Unet and Segnet based on deep convolutional algortihms were implement to regions of interes (RoIs) segmentation, evaluated by IoU and Dice metrics. Finally, the ResNet50 model was used as RoIs mamographies classification, evaluated by precision, accuracity, sensitivity and specificity metrics.
